# LPD

February 17, 2022

This repository is a collection of files supporting the research in the paper "Low-Power Deployment of Large Distributed Service Applications on Multiple Clouds" by Babneet Singh, Ravneet Kaur, Murray Woodside, and John W. Chinneck of Carleton University.

This is a brief guide to the contents:

1. The 104 LQN files:
   Found in lqn-model-files.zip.
   "model_A(\d\d)_case-(\d\d).lqn" is the LQN model generated by "lqngen".

2. Model diagrams:
   The diagrams for 5 tuning models are in Appendix B of BabneetSinghThesis.pdf.
   The 104 model diagrams can be generated by passign the "lqngen" models through "lqn2ps".

3. Details about the cloud model:
   See Appendix A in BabneetSinghThesis.pdf

4. 104 graph models:
   Found in "lqnverif_final_24Feb21_latest.zip". 
   "mcad_original.lqn" contains the LPD solution without intercloud delays. 
   "mcad_delay.lqn" contains the LPD solution with intercloud delays. 
   These LQN models can converted to diagrams using "lqn2ps".

5. Results Analysis:
   Found in ResultsAnalysis.xlsx spreadsheet.

6. LQN tutorial:
   Found in LQN-tutorial.pdf.

7. Code:
   Found in cloud_deployment.zip.
   Cloud descriptions: in /cloud_configs.
   Server/node descriptions: in /server_configs.
   AppPerfModel (LPD and final bounds): in /src/ca/carleton/perf/AppPerfModel.java#L1015
   GenCPlexData (takes LPD solution as an LQN model and generates the CPLEX dat file):
      /src/ca/carleton/perf/GenCPlexData.java#L131 
   Verifier (generates LQN models for the LPD solution with and without intercloud delays):
      /src/ca/carleton/partioner/Verifier.java#L461 

8. Cplex:
   Found in cplex_lpd.zip.
   - mcad.mod :: CPLEX (MIQP) model for LPD (minimizes power while satisfying RT)
   - mcad_rt.mod :: CPLEX (MIQP) model for minimizing intercloud network delay
   - mcad_first_feasible.mod :: CPLEX (MIQP) model for LPD but only reports 
       the first feasible solution

